Privacy Policy for the App "Love" Last updated: October 219 2024

This privacy policy governs your use of the software application “Love” (later referred as the/this “Application”) for Android™ mobile devices that was created by Andrew Tyler.

The Application is a mobile Android application intended visualise a peom in an easily readable format.
The app has no affiliation with any government department.

What information does the Application obtain and how is it used? 
The Application does not obtain any information.
The Application does not require any user registration. 
The Application does not require the user to provide any personal information.
There is no User Provided Data as the Application's data is read only.

All the Application's details are only stored locally on your mobile device, within the Application private folder, following Android’s security best practices.

Automatically Collected Information:
The Application does not collect any information automatically.
The Application does not share any information automatically with third parties.

Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device? 
The Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application? 
Not applicable since the Application does not collect any information automatically.

What are my opt-out rights? 
You can easily delete the Application by uninstalling the Application from your mobile device. 
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information:
This Application does not automatically collect, share nor retain any information. All the Application's details are only stored locally on your mobile device, within the Application private folder, following Android’s security best practices.

Children:
The App is aimed at adults therefore the Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. 
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. 
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

Security:
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information stored locally on your mobile device.

In order to ensure an optimal security, you shall regularly install any Application’s update available from the mobile application marketplace.

We also advise you to regularly check for any Android OS update(s) that could be available and to enable automatic updates.

Changes to this Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. Any updates will be written in line with any requirements laid down by Google/Android.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Your Consent: 
By using the Application, you consent to the local processing of information.

Contact Us:
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at: contact daycartes[at]gmail[dot]com

The "Android" name, the Android logo, the "Google Play" brand, and other Google trademarks, are property of Google LLC and not part of the assets available through the Android Open Source Project.
